doc: add some documentation about raised exceptions (#884)
encode/httpx: docs/quickstart.md

>>> httpx.get("https://example.com", auth=auth)
<Response [200 OK]>
```

## Errors and Exceptions

In some situations, HTTPX can raise exceptions:

> * `NetworkError` in case of network problem (e.g. DNS failure, refused connection, ...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `NetworkError` in case of a network problem (e.g. DNS failure, refused connection, ...).
```

> * `ConnectTimeout`, `ReadTimeout`, `WriteTimeout`, `PoolTimeout` in case of a configured timeout is reached. All of them inherit from `TimeoutException`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ConnectTimeout`, `ReadTimeout`, `WriteTimeout`, `PoolTimeout` in case a configured timeout is reached. All of them inherit from `TimeoutException`.
```

> * `TooManyRedirects` if a request exceeds the configured number of maximum redirections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `TooManyRedirects` if a request exceeds the configured number of maximum redirections.
```

> Also when `Response.raise_for_status()` is called HTTPX will also `HTTPStatusError` if the HTTP request returned status code >= 400.

Reviewer: We can probably include this one along with the others:

```suggestion
* `HTTPStatusError` when calling `.raise_for_status()` on a rsponse with status code 4xx or 5xx.

```

> All exceptions that HTTPX explicitly raises inherit from httpx.RequestError and contains the request and the response if any.

Reviewer: A suggestion to clarify that the request is _always_ included (but not the response):

```suggestion
All exceptions that HTTPX raises inherit from `httpx.RequestError` and contain the request, as well as any receved response.
```

```python
>>> try:
>>>     httpx.get("https.example.com")
>>> except httpx.HTTPStatusError as exc:
>>>     print(f"The request `{exc.request}` return the status code {exc.request.status_code}")
>>> except TimeoutException as exc:
>>>     print(f"The request `{exc.request}` have reached the timeout")
>>> except NetworkError as exc:

> >>>     print(f"The request `{exc.request}` have failed")

Reviewer: Not sure we *need* the interpreter prompts in this snippet, WDYT?

```suggestion
try:
    httpx.get("https.example.com")
except httpx.HTTPStatusError as exc:
    print(f"The request `{exc.request}` return the status code {exc.request.status_code}")
except TimeoutException as exc:
    print(f"The request `{exc.request}` have reached the timeout")
except NetworkError as exc:
    print(f"The request `{exc.request}` have failed")
```
